Add script to remove duplicate issues on declarations repository (#1115)
OpenTermsArchive/engine: scripts/reporter/duplicate/README.md

# Duplicate issues removal script

> This script helps remove duplicate issues from a GitHub repository by closing newer duplicate issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script helps remove duplicate issues from a GitHub repository by closing issues that have the same title as any older issue.
```

## Prerequisites

1. Set up environment variables:
   - Create a `.env` file in the root directory

>    - Add the GitHub personal access token of the bot that manage issues on your collection with repo permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add the GitHub personal access token of the bot that manages issues on your collection, with `repo` permissions:
```

     ```
     OTA_ENGINE_GITHUB_TOKEN=your_github_token
     ```

> 2. Configure the target repository in `config/development.json`:

Reviewer: > Does it really have to be in `development`? Or just in the environment that will be loaded at config loading time?

Author: It could be in any config file

Author: Updated
